README.md, before:

# u-shape3D
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.10494005.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10494005)

## Software for 3D Morphological Motif Detection

This suite of software was designed to detect morphological motifs, such as blebs, filopodia, and lamellipodia, from 3D images of surfaces, particularly images of cell surfaces.

It is associated with the paper, [**Robust and automated detection of subcellular morphological motifs in 3D microscopy images**](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41592-019-0539-z), *Nature Methods*, 2019, 16, 1037–1044, written by Meghan K. Driscoll, Erik S. Welf, Andrew R. Jamieson, Kevin M. Dean, Tadamoto Isogai, Reto Fiolka, and [Gaudenz Danuser](https://www.danuserlab-utsw.org/). 

For more information, please read the [User Guide](software/doc/Morphology3DPackage.pdf).

Example data is provided [here](https://cloud.biohpc.swmed.edu/index.php/s/Z9j62w2FCareyJY/download).

![Alt Text](doc/BlebbingCells.png?raw=true)

## Software Updates

### New in Version 2.0:
The software package has been renamed to **u-shape3D** on the GUI. Please select **u-shape3D** from the analysis packages list to run the software.

### Version 1.0:
Please refer to the software version available on the [uShape3Dpaper branch](https://github.com/DanuserLab/u-shape3D/tree/uShape3Dpaper), which is the version used in the paper by Driscoll et al. (2019).

----------------------
### Danuser Lab Links
[Danuser Lab Website](https://www.danuserlab-utsw.org/)

[Software Links](https://github.com/DanuserLab/)

Commit message:

Update README.md for the updates in Mesh step

README.md, after:

# u-shape3D
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.10494005.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10494005)

## Software for 3D Morphological Motif Detection

This suite of software was designed to detect morphological motifs, such as blebs, filopodia, and lamellipodia, from 3D images of surfaces, particularly images of cell surfaces.

It is associated with the paper, [**Robust and automated detection of subcellular morphological motifs in 3D microscopy images**](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41592-019-0539-z), *Nature Methods*, 2019, 16, 1037–1044, written by Meghan K. Driscoll, Erik S. Welf, Andrew R. Jamieson, Kevin M. Dean, Tadamoto Isogai, Reto Fiolka, and [Gaudenz Danuser](https://www.danuserlab-utsw.org/). 

For more information, please read the [User Guide](software/doc/Morphology3DPackage.pdf).

Example data is provided [here](https://cloud.biohpc.swmed.edu/index.php/s/Z9j62w2FCareyJY/download).

![Alt Text](doc/BlebbingCells.png?raw=true)

## Software Updates

### New Version 2.1 (Nov. 19th, 2024):
Resolved array size error in the Mesh step for Windows.

### New in Version 2.0:
The software package has been renamed to **u-shape3D** on the GUI. Please select **u-shape3D** from the analysis packages list to run the software.

### Version 1.0:
Please refer to the software version available on the [uShape3Dpaper branch](https://github.com/DanuserLab/u-shape3D/tree/uShape3Dpaper), which is the version used in the paper by Driscoll et al. (2019).

----------------------
### Danuser Lab Links
[Danuser Lab Website](https://www.danuserlab-utsw.org/)

[Software Links](https://github.com/DanuserLab/)
